[Music]
Javi already reacted to the Dallas video
well I forgot about Dallas I saw it this
afternoon and it's like to react to it no And
especially here on Twitch no
precisely I had no idea about that
video until this happened to me and
it's that I was saying that well With what
topic do we start I don't know when we have
here today something that is historic let's see
I found out about the video because of this
because Efe Manuel sent me Today a
tweet from Guido for all the peace face
messing with me man do you remember
Quito for those of you who have been here for a short time
Guido He was one of the main
characters in the anime on this channel the
Super aliade kit the kit was a guy
who well I got along really well with him
in fact I thought he was a noble guy in his
day but then he turned out to be a
very careful traitor and a
dress and be very careful let's do
this cruci together
and we were saying everything to each other for
many months saying everything but
even on the phone a couple
of neighbors called each other we yelled a couple of times they
called me  my cell phone a number that wasn't
from Seville because on the iPhone it says I do
n't know if it happens to you too but on the
iPhone it says the city eh And it wasn't
Seville I don't remember now that Seville
was I mean what city it was and I say who the
[ __ ] is calling me now at 8 it was
nothing 10 minutes after getting off it was
I imagine that that person Quido
will have been watching my live shows
this afternoon and the moment he
saw that I finished he will have
called me okay like that nothing 10-15
minutes after getting off I said at the time that I was
going to report him it wasn't worth much
because he's a person who
couldn't have taken charge of anything the
thing was that when I was in a battle
in the main anime not in the anime that
you all know I take a position And I agree with
Dallas on some things
that were more than obvious Guido starts
making videos of me of being a friend of mine he
starts making videos of me as if to say
that I was going to see if because of me
something could happen to a young woman no and let's
see how we were doing disgrace as if
the girl left because I didn't agree with her
no something like that she said in the
video not everything is there all the anime from
Quito is here on the secondary channel
no the thing is that the people get into it
because you defend some people there's no reason to
get into YouTube in the first place
okay that's something I learn with
time because I have gotten into
trouble for defending people time gives you
experience in the end no but here
where I learned with the passage 2 years
what I love is that we were super
hooked eh super super hooked we
said everything to each other and
kido well yes quido it was Oh yeah I didn't
remember that that's it that's on
Javier canido is here in a live
with with another he said that we had to
hire hitmen not to
compact Dallas not directly
the ball well thank goodness you
reminded me of that because precisely the
topic goes to Dalas video today that
the video that everyone is
talking about estardeo that you have
put me everyone talks about the video
Dale talks  of the video and I was watching
Dale's channel and saying the videos that he has
uploaded are true and it turns out that he has uploaded
a video with which he has lost all his
papers he literally said that he should
totally commit suicide Cris or that video with
the powerful Chrome that I reported him and
the police did this with the report of the
powerful Cross they were making fun of the one in that
report because the top part that he
sells no [ __ ] because it said played
instead of judged and the forera and the liquid were
making fun of that but this report was
really filed in court
here it says played instead of judged
This is written
the woman herself writes it there she is writing it as
I am filing the
report okay but I can't
falsify a court seal eh In
fact the courts were put there because at the
police station they didn't want to
catch me the hazing of that time
nowadays if I have to sue
someone take a lawyer boom you sue but
look at you that time time passed
things calmed down after
all the nonsense that we  we said to each other
no But man
years go by years go by years go by and
people like efemanuel and these people that
send me your son and stuff every time they see
something they don't stop sending me you had gone from
the arachnophobia of the whole environment of
these people from the Dallas and so on
putting tweets and stuff about things that I
do it's done recently We were looking at
Twitter The arachnophobia criticizing me for the
videos that I made with Antonio David
if you don't want me to mention in video
if you mention me at the end you see a
video I'm going to answer whatever no
but if you don't want if you feel harassed
and you don't want me to mention you in videos
but the thing with guido is brutal because
with you I spoke to the question of a
year and I have it I have everything recorded
because with these people who are very
careful and always record everything I don't
remember why we got in touch I do
n't know if it was through poten that I
also fixed things with him and
look at you with  they can fix things there has
n't been a single turn of fleas
or a single turn you know but these people in the
group, not in front of the group they don't get out of there and
I think years will pass and 10
years will pass And they will continue to be pending on what I do, what to do,
like that
one day life will prove them right
you're right what he says but the
liquid I spoke to him on the phone
but it will be a year ago things like that and I said Hey do you
want to delete one of the videos that are
here Then I
have it recorded because I say eh Just in
case one day he comes to me with
a problem with one of the videos
eh that I told him if I removed it and he
said it didn't matter to him wonderful
move he even offered to mediate with me
and the other people and I told him here two
Yes if it were up to me I wouldn't need half
two I mean they fixed things like
let's fix it fixing it's not
fixing fixing this your way,
me on my way let's leave the
problems aside that makes sense to
me and one of the things that he told me was that
he was going to fix things that  he
was thinking of making a video
apologizing to Dalas for all that stuff about
the hitmen for all that stuff about I don't
know what but I couldn't find the time
to make the video and I told him kido It's that
you're not going to release a video Because if
you release a video asking for forgiveness,
these people are going to throw you to
the and he said to me Javi I don't depend on anyone
and you see it again things like these
that I have stayed and I said well
This is coming Guido look how in the
thing and I have the poten as a witness it's been like
no more than a month a month or
so now okay I don't remember talking
about what topic that you sent me these
compilations that you send me from
Twitch and stuff well it came out a kilo I don't
remember with what topic it was some
cancellation to someone or whatever no and
kido's twist came out I read it and to
do something so as not to get too involved or to
not emphasize on him and I told
potenguillo tell him here two that I have lost
his contact tell him here or that they have
sent me his tweets and they have  gone out their threesomes
and reading until we were reading and I do
n't know what he doesn't want I don't want to
[ __ ] and he said power up it's okay I don't
know what he didn't sit well with but oh well it's
okay and now I find
this but so gratuitous Look he's quoting
a video after now you find out my
Twitter now I'm going to see why it is It will be
about this controversial video of
Dallas and he says wow with the
mentally ill this terrible it's a video that
Dalas uploaded to chardeo that I
had to see it to comment on this
move because I have no [ __ ] idea it turns out
dryness he makes a video in this village
answering a bunch of people on
Twitter who are messing with him the
same things as always making
jokes with the shame that I don't know that kid They've already
screwed him that kid the dick
has an attitude and a karate and a
behavior because they left him
based on the ass that they gave him
no justification but it's based on the fact that he
threw the mashes the mashes the
mashed and the result is the dala that
we see the things that he has  said I think I
think he's lost his mind let's go
I think no no need I believe it don't believe it
no the video is him insulting
with insults very serious he talks about Los
Patriotas to those people who would slit their
necks the video is brutal I'm scared yes it
's true that he's responding to
people who are calling him a punk what do I
think of the video man not being a
hypocrite That was a total explosion
eh I mean but the titles from the south That
is exploding literally So on the one
hand What do you think of the video
impressive I'm going here with some
pipes this afternoon it's that I didn't expect
that the video was going to know they told me Watch the
video the video I thought he was going to post
things but it was the same garbage people as
always from Twitter with the same
disgusting things the same information
and the same things and him
or bimba so in one part not being a
hypocrite not being a hypocrite I tell you
that if they are calling me a punk they are
calling me an abuser they are
calling me I don't know what I here in my house
am probably saying the same thing son
of a [ __ ] if they are calling you
those things but  On the other hand, I think it has
not been what does not
suit him, it does not benefit him at all to make
those types of videos because he defends himself
much better and humiliates them much
better the way he has
always done on YouTube. So in the end, if you
do this, it's like you lower yourself a little, you
don't lower yourself a little to a level that is not what you have
always been, you have had
in your answers, you have defended yourself
perfectly well, humiliating them without
doing this that they have called you
these disgusting, regrettable things. I don't know
if the video was made with the
intention of getting people to talk about it so
that people go as a way of
marketing because the people in the video are
obviously not going to report him if you
are spending on him. Well, I don't know, don't make him
report it, it's not justifying him, man,
but I think this kid, what he
should see is necessary, what
each one puts, the jokes that
each one makes and the level at which he responds to him.
Dalas And it is proportionate, no, but Look,
listen to me, that's what I'm telling you. I don't think
the video benefits him and then, apart from that, I do
n't know if he is interested in that as a
way of marketing or  no Because if what you
have to get are advertisers
not for the page for the
new platform Maybe they will see advertisers
I think it could be like a way of
saying look what can be uploaded here in
estardeo Maybe also in part it is
so that people can see what
can be done in these days and monetize
but my conclusion about the video is that
this video does not benefit him I think it does not
benefit him or to bring in advertisers or
anything, I mean, not even to defend himself it
benefits him he loads them better with
arguments man as he has always done in
Dalas videos without filters
much better and you laugh and you know I imagine it will
be so that it can be seen in plancchame
look here in estardeo you can upload
absolutely everything here there is no censorship
or anything for those of you who like
Hardcore things the video is strong
girl, well you reminded me a bit of
Fabiola from 2018 But anyway what we
were talking about the subject of the extract
no I mean he is liquid criticizing
Dallas because he is saying those things
about the command he would slit his neck I don't know
what the hitmen or  whatever I say
in the video It's that I don't want to say
many words because I want to monetize
okay I do want to monetize here on
YouTube when the liquid and said the
same thing about gala, I mean you have to
touch your balls now El come
mi del oliveira will come to say that he has
context and such the worst thing is that yes, he is
happy that I justify it no, I don't
like it I would have preferred that he had
defended himself in another way in fact it is that
I always say it or rather they are the people
that we have Dallas and I watching him
here the back of the neck that they are the same type of
hater and in fact we share some they are
terrible people but look at you the liquid
here of course they put this on him and he could have
passed this message completely
and he says I don't know how he chokes us eating
so much dick the truth is nothing to something else
the chrome breaker is worthless you know that I do
not understand this gratuitous attack when it is
supposed here that we had done well
but of course It's that you know what happens
that he has to put this type of
things because if not they kick him out of the group
why does this man attack me because if
not I'm telling you anything eh No you no  I have
done nothing to you Javi What happens is that
since you said publicly that you already
made things up with him, the little group
heard it, they didn't like it at all and they would
pull his ears just like he told
me and I have it recorded that he had a
thought and that he was looking for the
moment to do it, to make a video
asking Dala for forgiveness and he's not going to do it, look at it,
the ridiculous man has already posted a
40-minute video on Twitch tonight, that
is, it's time for me to put the twist to
find out that I put the twist, no
Because it was until now, more or
less at the hour he found out but it's
what I'm telling you, I mean, this
gratuitous attack and it says 40-minute video and it's
with, well And what is that argument
or whatever the problem is that the
video will last 40 minutes but it's not
that, man, but you calling me a
chromorquid with the things that you have
done and the things that you know and you keep quiet, it
could even cost you a
problem, I think for eating
people's asses, man, things that you have recognized in me
in the call I have man and the
messages I have from you things that are more
recognized than you know man you could
get into a big mess eh And that we are in
2022 and you are still the same man with that IQ And that
mentality And all because he is canceling
for a video when he did a debate
with the powerful Chrome that I have
here in Javier canijo is that group
puts itself at all times eh but with yours
of all kinds the other day they also
sent me one I don't remember who it was one
of them also on YouTube
everything is allowed because the gossip channels They go around
sowing hatred the
gossip channels talk about what happens and they have
told some things that you have done for
not having done them these are things that are
public these are things that have come out that is
true that is true trials complaints have
filed judicial processes that you
have out there these are things that I have not
done I tell them and I give my opinion on
them the fault of your image is
yours okay Avi the call from
here of can't upload it if you are a
prince Ah but I'm not going to do that I mean
no eh A  See if he came out and said
that what I'm saying is a lie,
well then I would need it to defend myself,
but no, no, I don't think it's
necessary to defend myself. He's not going to
deny what I'm saying because he knows it's like that,
but he's very strong, I
mean, are you going to tell me, my friend,
with what you keep quiet to defend yourself and that you
're attacking me there to chrome her
because for something else, no other reason, you don't have
me against me when she
fixed things with me that nothing makes
sense, eh, always the same thing, but
anyway, lately, many
Ghosts from the past come, not from the Channel, no [
Music]
[Music]